we're grateful to David Graber
and we are
with this remarkable community
you are struggling to Simply live in the
Sun
with the energy that comes to you from
the Earth
David always said start with what you've
got
he was practical and funny and wise and
he would say look at how it's designed
don't put a Margaret Thatcher meter on
every apartment
share the warrants
share the Energy share the wisdom help
each other water each other's plants
take care of each other's cats and dogs
what David would say
you wouldn't go off into some academic
flight somewhere
what have you got
what's physical here
[Music]
and then
if you take that advice
you take that passage with David's
teaching
then you discover that's the complexity
the complexity of sincerity
of caring for each other
of Love active love
inventive
decisions on the Fly amen for your
neighbors
what does my neighbor Juan need
s and then your Navy becomes more
inventive with what you want and need
and you build that value together the
magic of the gift economy these books
are like that his teachings like that um
David
and this community
[Music]
we're being practical tasking we're on
the ground with what is happening right
here but we're thinking of a life well
lived
so we're dedicating
David Graber Institute tonight as well
[Music]
somebody give me a level yeah
thank you David
should be the test oh yeah should we
keep arching
towards the end of the yellow brick road
what did the kids say